bs4- This is a dummy package managed by the developer of Beautiful Soup to prevent name squatting. The official name of PyPI's Beautiful Soup Python package is beautifulsoup4. This package ensures that if we type pip install bs4 by mistake you will end up with Beautiful Soup.
Certify- Certifi provides Mozilla's carefully curated collection of Root Certificates for validating the trustworthiness of SSL certificates while verifying the identity of TLS hosts. It has been extracted from the Requests project.
Chardet - While chardet is designed primarily for detecting the character encoding of webpages, I have found an example of it being used on individual text files.
Click- Click is a Python package for creating beautiful command line interfaces in a composable way with as little code as necessary. It's the “Command Line Interface Creation Kit”.
Cycler - A single entry Cycler object can be used to easily cycle over a single style. To create the Cycler use the cycler() function to link a key/style/kwarg to series of values. ... Cycler objects can be passed as the argument to cycler() which returns a new Cycler with a new label, but the same values.
Flask - Flask is a web framework. This means flask provides you with tools, libraries and technologies that allow you to build a web application. This web application can be some web pages, a blog, a wiki or go as big as a web-based calendar application or a commercial website.
Flask-Cors - This package exposes a Flask extension which by default enables CORS support on all routes, for all origins and methods. It allows parameterization of all CORS headers on a per-resource level. The package also contains a decorator, for those who prefer this approach.
Gcloud - Using system packages and custom binaries in Google Cloud Functions. Google Cloud Functions is a serverless compute platform on Google Cloud Platform. Its main principle is: "Write code in NodeJS, Python or Go and deploy it and don't worry about anything else".
google-cloud- Google Cloud Functions is a serverless execution environment for building and connecting cloud services. With Cloud Functions you write simple, single-purpose functions that are attached to events emitted from your cloud infrastructure and services. Your function is triggered when an event being watched is fired.
googleapis-common-protos - One popular use for protocol buffers, both within Google and elsewhere, is for specifying API design. They serve as a useful representation for API serivices, methods, and fields.
httplib2 - Python httplib2 module provides methods for accessing Web resources via HTTP. It supports many features, such as HTTP and HTTPS, authentication, caching, redirects, and compression. We run nginx web server on localhost.
Idna - python-idna 2.10 Internationalized domain names in applications. This is a library to support the Internationalised Domain Names in Applications (IDNA) protocol as specified in RFC 5891. This version of the protocol is often referred to as “IDNA2008” and can produce different results from the earlier standard from 2003 
Inflect - The methods of the class engine in module inflect.py provide plural inflections, singular noun inflections, “a”/”an” selection for English words, and manipulation of numbers as words. ... It is also possible to inflect numerals (1,2,3) to ordinals (1st, 2nd, 3rd) and to English words (“one”, “two”, “three”).
Itsdangerous- Sometimes you just want to send some data to untrusted environments. ... When you get the data back you can easily ensure that nobody tampered with it. Granted, the receiver can decode the contents and look into the package, but they can not modify the contents unless they also have your secret key.
Jinja2- Jinja2 is useful because it has consistent template tag syntax and the project is cleanly extracted as an independent open source project so it can be used as a dependency by other code libraries. Jinja2 is an implementation of the template engines concept.
Joblib- Joblib is such an pacakge that can simply turn our Python code into parallel computing mode and of course increase the computing speed. Joblib is optimized to be fast and robust in particular on large data and has specific optimizations for numpy arrays.
Jws- You can target a JWS annotation at either the class-, method- or parameter-level in a JWS file. Some annotations can be targeted at more than one level, such as @SecurityRoles that can be targeted at both the class- and method-level.
Kiwisolver- Kiwisolver has been designed from the ground up to be lightweight and fast. Kiwisolver range from 10x to 500x faster than the original Cassowary solver with typical use cases gaining a 40x improvement. Memory savings are consistently > 5x. In addition to the C++ solver, Kiwi ships with hand-rolled Python bindings.
MarkupSafe- MarkupSafe implements a text object that escapes characters so it is safe to use in HTML and XML. Characters that have special meanings are replaced so that they display as the actual characters. This mitigates injection attacks, meaning untrusted user input can safely be displayed on a page.
mpld3- The mpld3 plugin framework allows nearly endless possibilities for adding interactive behavior to matplotlib plots rendered in d3. The package includes several built-in plugins, which add zooming, panning, and other interactive behaviors to plots. Several examples of these plugins can be seen in the Example Gallery.
oauth2client- oauth2client is a client library for OAuth 2.0. Note: oauth2client is now deprecated. No more features will be added to the. libraries and the core team is turning down support.
Pillow- Pillow package allows us to add watermarks to your images. For adding watermark to our image, we need “Image”, “ImageDraw” and “ImageFont” modules from pillow package. The 'ImageDraw' module adds functionality to draw 2D graphics onto new or existing images.
Protobuf- Protocol buffers, usually referred as Protobuf, is a protocol developed by Google to allow serialization and deserialization of structured data. Google developed it with the goal to provide a better way, compared to XML, to make systems communicate.
pyasn1- The pyasn1 package is designed to help Python programmers tackling network protocols and file formats at the comfort of their Python prompt. The tool struggles to capture all aspects of a rather complicated ASN. 1 system and to represent it on the Python terms.
pyasn1-modules- A collection of ASN.1 modules expressed in form of pyasn1 classes. Includes protocols PDUs definition (SNMP, LDAP etc.) and various data structures (X.509, PKCS etc.).
pycryptodome- PyCryptodome is a self-contained Python package of low-level cryptographic primitives. It supports Python 2.7, Python 3.5 and newer, and PyPy. ... First class support for PyPy. Elliptic curves cryptography (NIST P-256, P-384 and P-521 curves only)
pyparsing- The pyparsing module provides a library of classes that client code uses to construct the grammar directly in Python code. ... The Python representation of the grammar is quite readable, owing to the self-explanatory class names, and the use of '+', '|' and '^' operator definitions.
Pyrebase4- Pyrebase is a Python interface to Firebase's REST API. In layman's terms, it allows you to use Python to manipulate your Firebase database.
python-dateutil- Python has the built-in datetime module which is used for manipulating dates and times from simple to complex ways. While this may be enough for a number of use cases, the dateutil module provides powerful extensions to this.
python-jwt- PyJWT is a Python library which allows you to encode and decode JSON Web Tokens (JWT). JWT is an open, industry-standard (RFC 7519) for representing claims securely between two parties.
Pytz- Pytz brings the Olson tz database into Python and thus supports almost all time zones. ... It enables time-zone calculations in our Python applications and also allows us to create timezone aware datetime instances.
Requests- The requests module allows you to send HTTP requests using Python. The HTTP request returns a Response Object with all the response data (content, encoding, status, etc).
requests-toolbelt- This is a collection of utilities that some users of python-requests might need but do not belong in requests proper. The library is actively maintained by members of the requests core development team, and so reflects the functionality most requested by users of the requests library.
Retrying- retrying provides a decorator called retry that you can use on top of any function or method in Python to make it retry in case of failure. By default, retry calls your function endlessly until it returns rather than raising an error.
Rsa- RSA is able to encrypt only a very limited amount of data. In order to encrypt reasonable amounts of data a hybrid scheme is commonly used: RSA is used to encrypt a key for a symmetric primitive like AES-GCM. Before encrypting, data is “padded” by embedding it in a known structure.
Scipy- SciPy in Python is an open-source library used for solving mathematical, scientific, engineering, and technical problems. It allows users to manipulate the data and visualize the data using a wide range of high-level Python commands. SciPy is built on the Python NumPy extention. SciPy is also pronounced as "Sigh Pi."
Six- Six provides simple utilities for wrapping over differences between Python 2 and Python 3. It is intended to support codebases that work on both Python 2 and 3 without modification. six consists of only one Python file, so it is painless to copy into a project. Six can be downloaded on PyPI.
Soupsieve- It aims to provide selecting, matching, and filtering using modern CSS selectors. Soup Sieve currently provides selectors from the CSS level 1 specifications up through the latest CSS level 4 drafts and beyond (though some are not yet implemented).
Threadpoolctl- threadpoolctl extends this for other operationg systems. Contrary to smp, threadpoolctl does not attempt to limit the size of Python multiprocessing pools (threads or processes) or set operating system-level CPU affinity constraints: threadpoolctl only interacts with native libraries via their public runtime APIs.
Tqdm- If you have a simple progress bar in your script or code, it looks very pleasing to the eye and gives proper feedback to the user whenever he executes the code. You can use the Python external library tqdm, to create simple & hassle-free progress bars which you can add in your code and make it look lively!
urllib3- It is used to fetch URLs (Uniform Resource Locators). It uses the urlopen function and is able to fetch URLs using a variety of different protocols. Urllib is a package that collects several modules for working with URLs, such as: ... parse for parsing URLs.
Werkzeug- It can be used to build all sorts of end user applications such as blogs, wikis, or bulletin boards. Flask wraps Werkzeug, using it to handle the details of WSGI while providing more structure and patterns for defining powerful applications.
